c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\bin\Debug\CDSP.exe.config
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Form1.resources
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\bin\Debug\CDSP.exe
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\bin\Debug\CDSP.pdb
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.exe
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.pdb
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.PersonalWords.resources
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Loading.resources
c:\users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.SpeechHistory.resources
C:\Users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.BasicNeeds.resources
C:\Users\drilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CDSP\CDSP\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.BasicNeeds.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Form1.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Loading.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.PersonalWords.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.SpeechHistory.resources
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.exe
C:\Users\LynArvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\cdsp-main\CDSP\CDSP\obj\Debug\CDSP.pdb
